Update SIEM suppressions doc post migration (#22432)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/suppressions.md

1. Select the detection rules you want to apply this suppression to. You can select multiple detection rules.
1. In the **Add Suppression Query** section, you have the option to enter suppression queries so that a signal is not generated when the values are met. For example, if a user `john.doe` is triggering a signal, but their actions are benign and you no longer want signals triggered from this user, input the log query: `@user.username:john.doe`.
{{< img src="security/security_monitoring/suppressions/suppression_query.png" alt="The add suppression query with the query @user.username:john.doe" style="width:65%;" >}}
  Suppression rule queries are based on **signal attributes**. 

> 1. Adsitionally, you can add a log exclusion query to exclude logs from being analyzed. These are based on **log attributes**. (**Note:** this field depicts the same behavior as legacy suppressions) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Additionally, you can add a log exclusion query to exclude logs from being analyzed. These queries are based on **log attributes**. **Note**: The legacy suppression was based on log exclusion queries, but it is now included in the suppression rule's **Add a suppression query** step. 
```

1. Select the detection rules you want to apply this suppression to. You can select multiple detection rules.
1. In the **Add Suppression Query** section, you have the option to enter suppression queries so that a signal is not generated when the values are met. For example, if a user `john.doe` is triggering a signal, but their actions are benign and you no longer want signals triggered from this user, input the log query: `@user.username:john.doe`.
{{< img src="security/security_monitoring/suppressions/suppression_query.png" alt="The add suppression query with the query @user.username:john.doe" style="width:65%;" >}}
  Suppression rule queries are based on **signal attributes**. 
1. Additionally, you can add a log exclusion query to exclude logs from being analyzed. These queries are based on **log attributes**. **Note**: The legacy suppression was based on log exclusion queries, but it is now included in the suppression rule's **Add a suppression query** step.

## Migrate legacy suppression queries to suppression rules

> <div class="alert alert-warning"> All suppression queries for detection rules are being automatically migrated to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/suppressions/"> suppression rules </a>. Your suppression queries will now use the log suppression option in suppression rules. This process will complete by the end of April.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"> All suppression queries for detection rules are being automatically migrated to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/suppressions/"> suppression rules </a>. Your suppression queries will now use the log suppression option in suppression rules. This process will be completed by the end of April.</div>
```
